Two new runtime errors are occurring on the Ecosense Weather page, along with the continued failure of several other charts:

7-Day Forecast Error: [plugin:runtime-error-plugin] Cannot read properties of undefined (reading '0') /home/runner/workspace/client/src/pages/Weather.tsx:128:51
Historical Data Error: [plugin:runtime-error-plugin] Cannot read properties of undefined (reading '0') /home/runner/workspace/client/src/pages/Weather.tsx:48:31
The following charts are still not working:
Historical Air Quality (AQI trends over the past 30 days in Hanoi)
Pollen Forecast (7-day pollen levels for Hanoi region)
Hanoi Temperature Trends (1990-2023)
Precipitation Changes in Hanoi (1990-2023)
Extreme Weather Events in Hanoi (1990-2023)
Context:

The frontend uses React.
These errors indicate that the code is trying to access the first element (index 0) of an array within the forecastData (for the 7-day forecast) and data (for historical data) objects, but these arrays (temperature_min, temperature_max, temperature_mean) are either undefined or empty at that point.
Troubleshooting and Resolution Steps:

Address "Cannot read properties of undefined (reading '0')" Errors:

Inspect API Responses: Carefully examine the structure and content of the API responses for both the 7-day weather forecast and the historical weather data. Log the raw API responses to the console to see exactly what data is being received.
Verify Data Existence Before Accessing: Before mapping over or accessing elements of forecastData?.daily?.temperature_min, forecastData?.daily?.temperature_max, and data.daily.temperature_mean, ensure that forecastData?.daily and data.daily exist and that these specific arrays have at least one element. You can use conditional checks (e.g., forecastData?.daily?.temperature_min && forecastData.daily.temperature_min.length > 0) or optional chaining more extensively.
Check Data Fetching Logic: Review the functions responsible for fetching the 7-day forecast and historical data. Ensure that the API calls are successful and that the data is being correctly assigned to the forecastData and data state variables.
Initial State: Verify the initial state of forecastData and data. Ensure they are initialized in a way that prevents these errors before the API response is received (e.g., initializing them as empty objects or with placeholder data).
Investigate Remaining Non-Working Charts:

Historical Air Quality: Focus on the API endpoint and data processing for AQI. Ensure the correct data for the past 30 days in Hanoi is being fetched and formatted for the chart component.
Pollen Forecast: Re-verify the availability of pollen forecast data for Hanoi. If an API source is identified, ensure it's being correctly integrated and the data is being processed for a 7-day forecast. If pollen data is unavailable, consider commenting out or handling this chart gracefully.
Hanoi Temperature Trends (1990-2023) and Precipitation Changes in Hanoi (1990-2023): Investigate the data sources for this historical climate data (Hanoi government websites, etc.). Ensure the data is being fetched, parsed, and formatted correctly for the chart components. Pay close attention to the date ranges and the specific data points required (annual averages and totals).
Extreme Weather Events in Hanoi (1990-2023): Determine the data source for this information. Is it from an API or a static dataset? Ensure the data is being accessed and processed correctly to display the frequency of heatwaves, floods, and droughts. Define the criteria used to identify these events.
Specific Actions for the AI Agent:

Locate the Weather.tsx file.
Implement console.log statements to inspect the forecastData and data objects and their properties at various stages of the data fetching and processing.
Add conditional checks to prevent accessing array elements when the arrays are undefined or empty.
Review the API calls and state updates for the 7-day forecast and historical data.
For the remaining charts, systematically check the data fetching, processing, and chart component usage.
Ensure that all necessary charting libraries are installed and imported.
Test all the charts on the Weather page thoroughly after implementing any fixes, using different scenarios and potential edge cases (e.g., API returning no data).
